NavItem documentation (#2559)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/navigation-item/usage.mdx

---
title:
  $ref: ./#/title
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  exclude: true
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

### How to use

#### When to use Navigation Item

- Use Navigation Item when you have multiple levels of navigation in your application or website.

- We suggest first considering a horizontal group of Navigation Items for distinct webpages or applications. If you have multiple (more than eight) services to navigate to at a platform level, or have navigation across distinct apps, consider using a vertical group instead.

- If you need your items to remain visible on scroll, we recommend displaying Navigation Items in a fixed App Header (or header area)

#### When not to use Navigation Item

> - When you need to show different views of content within the same page, consider using [Tabs](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-tabs--page) instead.

Author: tabs doesn't have a page yet

> - When you need to show different views of content within the same page, consider using [Tabs](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-tabs--page) instead.

Reviewer: will need to update link to point to old storbook, current one is not working

> - When your content is very specific. In this case, a minimalistic or single-page design may be more appropriate than a complex navigation structure. Consider using the [Interactable Card](?path=/docs/documentation-core-card--page), or a [Link](?path=/docs/documentation-core-link--page) component within the body of the page.

Reviewer: links need updating

### Import

> To import [Badge](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-badge--page) from the lab Salt package, use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To import [Navigation Item](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-navigation-item--page) from the lab Salt package, use:
```

```
import { NavigationItem  } from "@salt-ds/lab";
```

### Content

- To make the most of screen real estate, our recommendation is that all description text should be clear and concise.

- Always write descriptions in sentence case in a Navigation Item.

> - When using a [Badge](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-badge--page) component within a Navigation Item, we recommend using sentence case.

Reviewer: these component links need updating

Author: is it to the examples pages now? (components/badge/examples)
